/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90base.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90base-huffman-recursive.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90base-isort.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c stdcbench.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90base-compression.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90base-huffman-iterative.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90base-immul.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90lib.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90lib-lnlc.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90lib-peep.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90lib-peep-stm8.c
/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/bin/sdcc -mf8 -I/home/philipp/sdcc-branches/f8/sdcc/device/include --max-allocs-per-node 1000000 -c c90lib-htab.c
c90lib-peep.c:130: warning 84: 'auto' variable 'var' may be used before initialization
c90lib-peep.c:130: warning 85: in function notUsed unreferenced function argument : 'currPl'
c90base.asm:63: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base.asm:64: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base.asm:73: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base.asm:74: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base.asm:88: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base.asm:89: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base.asm:94: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base.asm:95: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base.asm:98: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base.asm:99: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
removing c90base.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90base.rel] Fehler 1
c90lib.asm:62: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib.asm:63: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib.asm:70: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib.asm:71: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib.asm:85: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib.asm:86: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib.asm:91: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib.asm:92: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib.asm:95: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib.asm:96: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
removing c90lib.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90lib.rel] Fehler 1
stdcbench.asm:78: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
removing stdcbench.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: stdcbench.rel] Fehler 1
c90lib-peep-stm8.c:78: warning 85: in function stm8MightReadFlag unreferenced function argument : 'pl'
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:61: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:62: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:64: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:70: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:71: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:80: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:82: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:90: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:91: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:92: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:93: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:94: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:95: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:96: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:97: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:98: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:99: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:100: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:101: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:104: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:105: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:107: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:120: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:125: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:126: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:127: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:129: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:132: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:133: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:138: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:141: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:143: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:144: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:148: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:149: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:150: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:156: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:158: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:163: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:164: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:168: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:173: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:176: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:178: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:179: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:185: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:187: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:192: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:193: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:197: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-recursive.asm:200: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
removing c90base-huffman-recursive.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90base-huffman-recursive.rel] Fehler 1
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:58: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:59: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:77: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:78: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:80: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:86: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:87: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:96: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:98: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:106: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:107: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:109: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:112: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:114: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:115: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:116: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:118: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:119: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:120: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:121: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:127: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:131: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:132: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:134: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:135: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:139: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:140: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:141: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:149: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:154: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:155: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:156: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:162: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:163: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:170: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:171: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-huffman-iterative.asm:172: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
removing c90base-huffman-iterative.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90base-huffman-iterative.rel] Fehler 1
c90base-isort.asm:62: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:64: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-isort.asm:66: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:67: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:71: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:72: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:73: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:90: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:100: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:108: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:109: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:113: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:114: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:115: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:116: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:120: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:122: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:134: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:135: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:139: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:141: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:142: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:144: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:145: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:146: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:152: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:153: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:156: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:157: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:158: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:159: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:160: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:161: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:163: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:164: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:167: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:168: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:169: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-isort.asm:171: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:172: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:173: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:181: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:182: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:183: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:184: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:185: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:189: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:191: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:198: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:199: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:202: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:203: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:224: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:225: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:229: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:236: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:238: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:239: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:240: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-isort.asm:242: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:243: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:244: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:245: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:248: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:253: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:255: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:256: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:259: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:260: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:268: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:269: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:271: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:282: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:283: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:301: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:302: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:310: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:311: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:312: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-isort.asm:317: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:318: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:319: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:323: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:329: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:331: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:332: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:333: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-isort.asm:343: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:345: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:346: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:349: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:356: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:357: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:358: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:359: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:373: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:374: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:380: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-isort.asm:381: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
removing c90base-isort.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90base-isort.rel] Fehler 1
c90base-compression.asm:75: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:76: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:80: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:81: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:85: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:86: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:90: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:91: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:100: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:101: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:120: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:121: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:143: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:149: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-compression.asm:150: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-compression.asm:156: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:159: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:160: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:170: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:172: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:176: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:178: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:183: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:184: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:186: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:189: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:204: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:209: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-compression.asm:210: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-compression.asm:216: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:218: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:223: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:225: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:243: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:248: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:283: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:285: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:287: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:288: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:290: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:292: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:294: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:295: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:300: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:309: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:318: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:319: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:328: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:335: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:340: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:350: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:356: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:357: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:363: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:367: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:371: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:376: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:381: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:382: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:383: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:384: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:385: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:386: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:387: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:387: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-compression.asm:388: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:399: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-compression.asm:406: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
removing c90base-compression.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90base-compression.rel] Fehler 1
c90base-immul.asm:58: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:68: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-immul.asm:69: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:77: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:82: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:100: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:114: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:118: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:132: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:140: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:145: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:156: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-immul.asm:157: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:167: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:168: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:169: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-immul.asm:180: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:186: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:187: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-immul.asm:192: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:206: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:210: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:237: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:240: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:241: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:242: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:244: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-immul.asm:245: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:246: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-immul.asm:247: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:248: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-immul.asm:249: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:250: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:255: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-immul.asm:256: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:263: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:267: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:274: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:275: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:276: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:278: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-immul.asm:279: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:280: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-immul.asm:281: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:282: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-immul.asm:283: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:284: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:287: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:288: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:289: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:290: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:291: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:292: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:293: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:294: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:297: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:298: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:300: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:301: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:305: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:306: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:312: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:313: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:314: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:320: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:322: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:327: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:328: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:329: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:337: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:338: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:343: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:346: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:347: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:348: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:349: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:350: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90base-immul.asm:352: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:353: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:354: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:355: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:356: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:357: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:358: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:359: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:360: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:361: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:361: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90base-immul.asm:362: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:374: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90base-immul.asm:381: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
removing c90base-immul.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90base-immul.rel] Fehler 1
c90lib-htab.asm:76: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:81: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:82: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:102: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:109: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:110: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:121: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:122: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:167: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:168: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:258: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:259: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:291: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:292: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:293: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:309: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:313: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:314: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:317: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:341: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:350: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:359: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:362: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:366: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:379: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:381: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:393: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:394: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:395: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:396: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:397: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:398: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:399: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:407: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:408: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:417: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:420: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:423: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:425: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:426: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:432: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:433: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:434: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:455: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:468: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:469: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:470: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:484: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:485: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:492: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:493: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:494: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:498: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:505: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:509: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:515: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:516: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:521: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:522: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:530: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:531: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:541: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:542: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:557: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:576: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:577: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:586: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:588: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:595: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:605: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:608: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:610: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:611: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:629: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:633: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:634: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:642: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:642: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:654: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:655: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:666: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:669: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:669: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:670: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:681: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:682: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:686: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:687: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:731: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:732: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:753: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:754: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:759: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:765: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:798: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:801: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:802: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:805: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-htab.asm:806: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-htab.asm:807: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-htab.asm:829: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
removing c90lib-htab.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90lib-htab.rel] Fehler 1
c90lib-peep-stm8.c:216: warning 85: in function scan4op unreferenced function argument : 'untilOp'
c90lib-peep-stm8.c:216: warning 85: in function scan4op unreferenced function argument : 'plCond'
c90lib-peep-stm8.c:228: warning 126: unreachable code
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:70: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:73: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:75: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:86: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:87: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:94: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:95: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:98: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:99: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:103: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:104: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:108: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:109: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:115: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:122: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:123: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:131: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:132: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:140: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:143: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:144: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:151: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:154: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:157: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:158: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:166: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:167: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:179: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:181: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:188: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:192: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:199: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:200: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:207: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:208: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:224: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:225: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:229: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:233: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:234: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:240: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:241: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:242: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:243: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:244: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:255: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:259: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:260: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:264: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:268: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:272: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:273: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:277: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:281: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:295: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:299: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:300: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:303: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:307: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:308: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:313: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:314: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:318: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:322: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:323: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:326: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:330: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:331: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:336: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:337: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:341: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:345: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:346: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:350: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:360: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:361: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:365: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:366: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:369: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:370: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:376: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:377: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:380: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:381: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:386: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:393: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:393: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:394: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:401: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:402: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:405: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:406: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:412: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:413: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:416: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:417: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:422: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:428: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:429: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:432: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:433: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:438: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:439: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:442: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:443: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:449: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:455: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:456: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:460: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:465: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:465: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:466: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:473: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:474: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:477: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:478: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:484: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:485: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:488: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:489: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:494: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:500: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:508: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:509: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:512: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:515: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:520: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:523: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:527: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:528: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:533: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:534: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:537: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:538: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:544: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:545: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:548: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:549: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:554: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:555: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:558: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:559: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:566: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:567: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:570: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:571: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:577: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:578: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:581: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:582: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:587: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:588: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:591: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:592: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:599: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:600: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:603: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:604: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:610: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:611: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:614: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:615: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:621: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:622: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:625: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:626: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:631: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:632: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:635: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:636: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:641: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:647: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:648: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:651: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:652: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:657: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:658: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:664: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:666: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:670: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:671: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:674: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:676: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:680: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:681: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:695: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:697: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:701: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:702: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:705: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:706: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:711: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:712: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:716: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:720: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:733: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:737: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:738: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:741: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:745: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:746: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:753: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:754: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:757: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:758: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:764: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:767: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:768: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:772: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:778: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:779: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:782: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:783: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:789: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:792: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:793: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:797: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:803: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:804: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:807: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:808: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:813: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:814: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:817: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:818: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:823: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:827: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:831: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:846: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:850: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:851: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:854: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:858: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:859: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:864: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:865: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:869: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:873: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:874: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:877: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:881: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:882: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:887: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:888: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:892: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:896: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:897: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:901: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:911: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:912: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:916: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:917: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:920: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:921: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:927: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:928: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:931: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:932: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:937: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:944: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:944: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:945: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:952: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:953: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:956: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:957: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:963: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:964: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:967: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:968: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:973: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:980: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:980: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:981: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:987: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:988: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:991: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:992: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:996: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1001: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1001: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1002: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1008: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1009: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1012: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1013: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1017: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1024: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1024: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1025: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1031: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1032: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1035: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1036: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1042: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1043: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1046: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1047: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1052: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1058: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1059: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1062: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1063: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1068: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1069: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1072: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1073: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1078: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1079: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1082: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1083: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1094: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1097: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1098: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1102: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1106: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1124: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1125: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1130: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1131: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1132: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1139: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1140: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1141: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1142: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1147: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1148: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1149: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1150: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1151: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1155: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1165: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1168: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1169: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1173: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1179: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1182: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1183: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1187: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1193: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1199: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1212: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1215: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1216: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1220: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1224: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1228: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1232: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1241: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1246: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1260: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1261: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1265: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1266: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1267: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1272: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1272: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1285: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1289: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1290: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1294: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1295: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1299: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1300: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1303: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1304: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1308: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1309: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1313: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1316: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1321: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1325: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1326: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1330: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1331: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1335: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1336: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1339: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1340: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1344: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1345: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1349: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1352: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1364: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep-stm8.asm:1365: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
removing c90lib-peep-stm8.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90lib-peep-stm8.rel] Fehler 1
c90lib-lnlc.asm:118: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:119: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:120: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:125: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:126: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:127: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:132: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:133: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:137: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:139: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:140: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:141: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:143: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:144: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:145: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:146: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:147: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:150: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:151: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:165: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:166: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:169: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:171: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:172: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:182: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:185: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:187: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:188: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:190: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:191: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:192: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:193: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:198: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:200: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:202: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:203: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:204: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:205: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:206: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:207: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:208: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:209: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:210: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:224: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:230: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:235: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:236: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:238: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:240: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:241: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:242: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:248: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:250: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:254: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:255: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:259: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:260: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:261: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:262: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:263: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:264: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:266: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:267: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:269: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:270: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:271: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:274: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:275: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:277: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:279: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:281: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:282: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:283: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:285: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:286: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:287: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:289: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:290: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:291: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:298: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:299: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:301: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:302: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:304: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:305: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:306: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:312: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:319: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:324: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:325: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:333: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:334: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:338: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:339: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:346: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:347: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:355: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:356: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:362: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:363: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:364: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:365: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:366: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:367: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:368: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:369: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:370: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:371: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:375: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:376: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:378: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:379: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:390: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:391: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:398: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:399: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:406: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:408: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:409: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:411: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:412: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:416: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:418: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:419: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:420: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:421: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:422: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:423: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:425: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:427: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:428: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:429: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:430: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:431: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:432: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:434: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:439: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:446: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:447: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:451: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:452: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:457: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:458: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:460: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:461: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:471: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:472: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:473: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:475: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:476: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:479: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:480: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:484: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:485: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:489: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:490: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:495: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:496: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:504: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:505: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:511: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:512: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:513: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:514: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:515: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:516: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:517: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:518: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:519: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:520: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:524: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:525: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:527: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:528: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:539: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:540: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:547: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:548: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:553: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:554: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:557: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:558: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:570: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:571: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:578: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:579: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:586: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:587: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:593: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:607: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:608: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:609: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:611: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:612: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:614: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:615: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:621: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:623: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:624: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:631: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:635: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:636: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:638: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:639: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:640: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:648: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:649: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:650: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:651: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:655: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:661: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:662: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:667: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:668: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:669: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:670: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:671: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:672: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:674: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:675: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:676: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:677: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:678: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:679: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:680: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:681: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:686: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:687: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:692: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:693: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:702: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:703: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:708: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:709: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:710: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:711: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:712: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:713: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:714: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:715: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:716: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:724: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:726: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:732: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:734: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:735: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:736: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:737: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:738: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:739: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:740: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:740: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:741: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:743: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:748: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:749: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:750: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:756: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:757: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:763: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:765: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:767: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:769: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:771: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:772: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:774: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:776: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:778: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:779: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:780: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:781: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:785: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:786: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:791: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:792: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:793: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:794: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:797: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:798: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:810: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:811: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:818: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:819: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:821: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:831: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:833: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:834: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:849: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:851: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:852: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:854: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:855: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:856: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:858: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:859: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:860: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:864: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:869: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:870: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:875: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:885: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:896: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:901: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:903: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:904: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:906: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:907: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:908: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:909: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:911: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:912: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:916: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:917: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:918: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:919: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:920: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:922: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:923: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:925: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:927: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:928: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:932: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:933: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:934: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:937: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:938: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:939: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:942: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:943: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:944: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:947: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:948: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:949: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:951: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:953: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:955: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:957: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:962: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:964: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:965: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:970: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:978: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:979: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:986: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:990: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:991: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:992: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:993: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:994: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:995: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:996: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:997: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:999: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1000: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1005: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1006: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1007: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1008: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1009: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1010: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1012: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1014: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1016: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1018: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1019: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1026: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1027: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1028: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1029: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1030: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1031: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1033: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1036: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1037: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1040: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1041: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1043: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1044: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1046: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1047: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1051: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1056: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1059: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1061: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1064: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1065: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1072: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1085: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1086: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1087: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1087: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1088: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1089: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1103: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1104: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1111: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1112: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1117: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1118: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1119: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1120: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1121: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1122: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1123: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1124: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1125: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1127: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1131: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1132: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1138: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1140: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1141: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1142: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1146: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1147: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1148: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1149: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1150: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1151: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1153: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1155: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1157: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1158: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1159: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1160: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1161: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1162: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1164: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1167: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1169: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1170: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1170: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1171: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1172: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1173: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1174: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1178: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1179: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1181: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1182: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1183: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1195: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1196: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1214: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1218: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1219: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1223: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1227: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1228: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1229: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1236: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1242: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1243: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1247: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1251: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1253: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1258: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1260: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1262: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1266: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1278: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1281: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1282: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1286: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1290: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1291: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1297: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1298: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1302: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1303: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1307: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1309: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1314: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1315: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1316: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1317: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1324: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1325: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1331: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1333: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1334: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1335: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1339: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1340: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1341: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1342: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1343: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1344: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1346: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1347: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1349: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1350: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1351: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1354: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1355: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1357: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1359: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1361: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1362: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1363: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1365: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1366: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1367: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1368: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1369: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1370: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1372: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1373: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1375: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1376: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1377: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1380: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1381: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1383: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1385: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1387: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1388: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1389: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1398: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1402: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1403: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1404: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1405: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1407: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1412: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1414: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1416: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1421: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1424: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1425: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1429: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1432: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1436: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1437: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1442: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1443: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1452: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1453: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1458: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1480: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1492: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1493: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1508: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1509: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1513: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1515: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1516: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1519: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1520: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1524: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1525: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1532: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1537: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1538: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1542: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1543: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1548: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1557: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1558: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1559: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1567: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1579: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1580: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1584: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1585: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1590: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1591: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1592: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1593: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1598: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1599: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1600: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1601: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1605: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1606: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1611: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1612: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1613: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1614: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1615: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1616: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1617: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1622: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1624: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1626: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1627: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1640: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1642: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1643: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1648: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1649: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1655: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1656: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1662: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1666: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-lnlc.asm:1667: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
removing c90lib-lnlc.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90lib-lnlc.rel] Fehler 1
c90lib-peep.asm:112: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:130: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:131: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:134: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:135: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:172: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:174: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:175: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:176: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:181: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:189: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:193: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:207: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:208: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:215: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:223: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:224: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:228: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:251: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:252: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:253: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:255: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:256: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:261: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:263: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:264: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:270: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:271: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:272: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:273: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:274: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:275: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:277: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:278: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:281: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:282: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:285: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:286: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:289: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:302: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:303: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:311: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:312: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:313: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:316: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:317: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:318: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:325: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:326: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:327: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:328: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:331: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:335: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:349: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:356: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:362: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:363: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:364: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:366: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:367: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:368: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:369: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:379: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:380: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:383: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:384: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:387: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:388: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:393: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:400: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:404: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:405: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:409: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:421: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:422: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:429: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:430: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:431: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:432: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:433: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:436: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:440: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:444: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:457: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:458: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:462: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:466: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:470: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:474: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:475: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:476: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:480: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:486: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:493: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:495: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:501: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:502: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:506: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:507: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:508: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:509: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:510: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:513: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:520: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:539: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:544: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:545: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:548: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:549: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:586: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:587: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:588: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:589: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:590: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:591: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:593: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:594: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:595: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:596: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:597: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:598: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:599: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:605: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:606: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:610: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:611: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:612: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:637: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:638: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:670: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:681: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:682: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:683: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:690: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:703: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:704: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:706: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:707: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:712: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:713: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:721: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:729: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:730: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:744: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:747: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:750: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:750: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:751: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:755: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:759: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:760: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:764: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:766: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:767: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:770: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:776: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:780: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:781: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:782: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:785: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:791: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:792: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:800: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:801: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:803: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:804: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:810: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:811: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:815: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:825: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:837: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:838: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:839: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:840: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:841: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:842: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:861: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:862: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:877: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:878: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:879: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:883: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:884: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:889: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:890: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:895: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:896: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:901: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:902: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:906: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:907: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:916: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:917: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:918: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:927: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:928: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:938: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:939: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:944: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:945: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:949: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:950: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:964: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:965: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:966: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:976: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:999: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1003: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1004: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1007: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1020: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1021: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1022: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1036: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1037: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1038: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1041: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1047: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1048: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1051: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1052: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1064: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1065: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1066: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1074: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1075: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1080: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1087: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1088: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1089: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1099: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1104: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1105: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1113: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1114: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1115: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1126: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1130: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1131: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1134: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1147: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1148: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1149: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1162: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1163: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1164: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1167: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1173: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1174: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1177: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1178: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1190: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1191: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1192: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1203: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1210: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1211: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1217: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1218: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1219: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1222: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1229: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1230: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1240: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1241: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1246: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1247: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1249: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1250: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1253: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1254: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1264: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1265: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1271: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1274: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1275: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1278: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1282: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1288: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1289: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1296: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1297: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1304: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1305: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1313: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1314: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1315: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1316: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1319: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1320: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1330: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1331: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1344: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1347: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1350: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1351: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1352: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1355: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1371: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1372: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1376: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1377: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1379: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1389: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1390: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1391: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1394: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1402: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1403: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1404: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1407: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1408: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1412: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1413: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1416: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1417: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1421: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1422: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1432: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1433: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1434: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1435: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1455: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1456: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1469: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1470: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1480: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1481: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1499: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1500: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1520: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1532: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1537: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1538: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1540: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1544: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1545: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1549: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1550: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1554: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1557: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1558: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1562: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1580: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1592: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1593: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1594: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1598: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1603: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1605: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1606: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1611: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1612: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1617: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1622: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1627: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1634: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1635: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1648: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1650: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1651: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1658: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1663: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1664: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1674: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1688: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1692: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1694: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1695: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1707: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1712: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1728: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1729: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1733: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1734: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1735: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1740: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1745: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1746: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1752: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1753: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1765: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1766: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1772: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1773: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1790: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1791: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1794: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1795: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1799: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1800: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1801: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1808: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1815: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1817: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1821: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1822: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1826: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1827: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1845: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1846: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1855: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1856: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1857: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1861: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1863: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1864: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1867: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1872: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1879: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1880: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1893: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1895: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1899: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1900: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1910: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1912: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1913: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1917: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1918: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1920: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1921: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1927: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1928: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1934: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1935: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1947: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1948: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1954: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1955: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1964: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1966: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1966: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:1968: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1970: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1977: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1978: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1985: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1991: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1992: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:1998: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:1999: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2011: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2012: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2018: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2019: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2028: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2029: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2033: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2034: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2035: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2039: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2041: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2044: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2049: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2053: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2054: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2060: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2061: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2067: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2068: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2082: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2083: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2084: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2090: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2091: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2093: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2094: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2098: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2103: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2104: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2105: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2109: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2110: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2111: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2116: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2120: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2148: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2149: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2152: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2153: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2158: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2164: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2165: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2170: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2171: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2187: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2192: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2193: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2197: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2205: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2206: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2216: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2217: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2222: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2227: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2228: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2234: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2235: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2236: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2241: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2242: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2250: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2254: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2262: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2266: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2276: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2277: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2281: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2281: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2283: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2283: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2284: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2284: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2286: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2286: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2288: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2288: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2290: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2290: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2292: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2292: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2293: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2293: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2298: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2298: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2300: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2301: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2304: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2305: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2312: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2313: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2316: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2318: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2319: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2321: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2321: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2324: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2328: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2330: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2331: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2331: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2333: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2333: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2335: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2335: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2337: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2337: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2338: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2338: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2339: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2340: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2341: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2342: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2345: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2345: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2347: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2348: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2352: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2355: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2357: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2357: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2358: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2359: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2360: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2361: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2362: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2365: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2365: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2367: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2367: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2371: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2371: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2373: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2373: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2376: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2376: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2377: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2377: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2379: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2380: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2384: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2386: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2386: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2388: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2388: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2390: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2390: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2393: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2393: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2394: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2395: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2396: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2400: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2400: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2402: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2402: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2403: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2409: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2409: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2410: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2412: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2416: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2417: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2421: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2422: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2422: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2424: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2426: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2426: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2428: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2432: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2433: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2433: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2435: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2436: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2440: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2443: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2445: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2445: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2446: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2446: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2452: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2452: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2453: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2454: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2455: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2459: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2459: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2460: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2460: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2461: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2462: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2462: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2466: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2466: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2467: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2467: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2469: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2469: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2471: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2473: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2477: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2478: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2483: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2483: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2488: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2488: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2489: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2489: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2490: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2490: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2491: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2492: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2492: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2496: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2496: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2500: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2501: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2505: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2506: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2509: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2510: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2512: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2512: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2515: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2516: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2516: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2520: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2521: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2524: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2525: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2525: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2526: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2526: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2529: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2529: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2531: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2531: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2532: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2532: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2533: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2534: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2535: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2535: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2536: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2537: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2538: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2539: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2540: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2542: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2542: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2544: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2544: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2548: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2549: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2553: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2553: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2554: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2554: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2557: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2557: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2559: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2560: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2561: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2565: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2565: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2569: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2569: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2572: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2573: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2577: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2577: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2579: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2579: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2583: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2583: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2584: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2584: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2587: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2587: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2588: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2589: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2589: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2592: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2592: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2593: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2593: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2597: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2597: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2599: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2599: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2601: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2601: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2603: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2603: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2605: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2605: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2607: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2608: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2611: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2612: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2616: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2617: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2621: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2621: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2622: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2622: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2625: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2625: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2627: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2627: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2628: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2628: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2630: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2631: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2631: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2634: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2634: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2641: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2641: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2642: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2642: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2645: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2646: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2649: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2649: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2651: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2652: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2657: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2657: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2660: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2661: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2665: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2665: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2667: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2667: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2668: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2668: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2669: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2670: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2670: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2675: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2676: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2680: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2680: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2681: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2682: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2682: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2686: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2686: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2687: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2688: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2689: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2694: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2694: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2697: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2697: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2699: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2699: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2703: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2703: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2709: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2709: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2710: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2711: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2711: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2715: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2715: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2720: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2721: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2725: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2725: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2727: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2727: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2729: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2729: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2731: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2734: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2750: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2759: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2760: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2767: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2768: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2772: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2773: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2774: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2775: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2776: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2788: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2789: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2798: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2799: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2800: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2801: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2806: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2807: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2812: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2815: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2816: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2819: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2824: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2825: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2829: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2830: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2841: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2842: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2853: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2854: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2855: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2862: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2863: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2864: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2865: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2869: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2870: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2877: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2878: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2879: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2883: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2890: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2891: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2898: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2899: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2923: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2924: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2943: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2944: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2963: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2968: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:2969: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:2987: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:2988: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3007: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:3008: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:3037: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3038: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3038: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:3039: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3040: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:3041: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3042: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3043: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3044: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3045: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3046: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3063: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3072: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3073: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:3075: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:3076: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:3080: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3085: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3086: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:3087: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:3091: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3097: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3102: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:3103: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:3121: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3123: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:3124: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:3131: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3137: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3140: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3144: Error: <o> .org in REL area or directive / mnemonic error
c90lib-peep.asm:3145: Error: <q> missing or improper operators, terminators, or delimiters
c90lib-peep.asm:3162: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3178: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3184: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
c90lib-peep.asm:3191: Error: <a> machine specific addressing or addressing mode error
removing c90lib-peep.rel
make: *** [Makefile:16: c90lib-peep.rel] Fehler 1
make: Das Ziel „all“ wurde wegen Fehlern nicht aktualisiert.
